docs: add new blog post about PrimeReact with refine (#4723)
refinedev/refine: examples/blog-refine-primereact/README.MD

On the other hand, refine is a React-based framework for building internal tooling such as admin panel, dashboards, and CRUD apps. It comes with ready-made features like data handling, authentication, access control, and more. Most importantly, it's highly customizable and extensible. In this example, you'll have the opportunity to understand how refine works.

## Quick Start

Run the following command to download the project:

```
npm create refine-app@latest -- --example blog-refine-primereact
```

Once the setup is complete, navigate to the project folder and start your project with:

```
npm run dev
```

Your application will be accessible at http://localhost:5173

![Dashboard Page](https://refine.ams3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/blog/2023-07-25-refine-primereact/final-dashboard.png "Dashboard Page")

![Product List Page](https://refine.ams3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/blog/2023-07-25-refine-primereact/final-product-list.png "Product List Page")

![Product Edit Page](https://refine.ams3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/blog/2023-07-25-refine-primereact/final-product-edit.png "Product Edit Page")

### Resources

> You can find step-by-step explanations of this example in [here](https://refine.dev/blog/building-react-admin-panel-with-primereact-and-refine/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to blog post tutorial of this app [here](https://refine.dev/blog/building-react-admin-panel-with-primereact-and-refine/)
```

> Also, you can follow the [tutorial](https://refine.dev/docs/tutorial/introduction/index/) to learn more about refine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to complete CRUD app tutorial [tutorial](https://refine.dev/docs/tutorial/introduction/index/) to learn more about refine.
```
